{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\comment begin body}
{\info 
{\title {\comment Lightstribe WS2811/WS2812 }Lightstribe WS2811/WS2812}
{\comment Generated byDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2016\mo5\dy22\hr16\min48\sec52}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt TITLE}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version \par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt CREATEDATE}}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Table of Contents\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Use WS2811/WS2812 LEDs with an AVR\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Use WS2811/WS2812 LEDs with an AVR}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
 \par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFF}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
This project is about using an WS2811 or WS2812 lightstribe with an AVR controller. It is possible to handle up to 250 LEDs at the same time, so I chose an Atmega328p with enough RAM amount. If you want to handle less LEDs you can use most parts of this project with every AVR. The AVR is programmed to receive the light data over UART so you can control the LEDs by using a serial interface. The interface uses a specified simple protocol which is described in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Protocol overview}}} section. Everything has been developed in a university course to control the lights of a Christmas tree. In the original implementation there were some further components included. This is a simplified version of the implementation so that everyone can use it. As an example for controlling the LEDs using a smart phone the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Example usage with an ESP8266}}} section shows how this could be done by using a webserver on the ESP8266. You can use everything else that provide a serial interface (maybe connect with a bluetooth serial module). The structure of this documentation is split in a hardware part for the AVR that describes the basic hardware that should be used. The next part is about how the software is working on the AVR that handles the LEDs and different effects. You may include some more stuff in your own. After that you can see a small protocol overview, where you find which command can be sent to the AVR to control the LEDs. Be aware that at the initialization state all LEDs are off. At the last point you can find an example how to use the implementation with an ESP8266 with a webserver. You will find the source code for the ESP8266 and the basic hardware setup.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFI}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Basic usage
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Basic usage}
For using this implementation follow this steps: {
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
set up the hardware as descriped in section {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Hardware}}} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
set the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 F_CPU}}} clock to the value for your hardware \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
set the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}} to the value you like, 76800 or 38400 are suggested \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
compile your implementation (only O1 optimization is supported) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
program your AVR with your binaries \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
set the clock divider fuse and the clock source fuse referring to your implementation \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
send protocol data (see section {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Protocol overview}}}) to the RX pin of the AVR over a serial device, e.g. an FTDI, ESP8266 or Arduino (UART is 8N1 on your chosen {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}})(example data 254 6 0 1 20 22 = 0xFE 0x06 0x00 0x01 0x14 0x16) \par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFJ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Hardware
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Hardware}
The basic hardware you need is a AVR controller an some WS2811 or WS2812 LEDs you want to control. The AVR controller should have an hardware UART, otherwise you need to write some code for a software serial. In the project we chose an Atmega328p that has enough RAM to control 250 LEDs. The internal software structure buffers the color data for the LEDs to achieve an accurate timing, see section {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Software implementation}}}. The AVR can be used with the internal clock at 8 MHz, remember to clear the clock divider fuse. Otherwise an external 8 MHz or 16 MHz clock source can be used, the definition {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 F_CPU}}} must be set to the frequency you chose (remember to set the fuses for an external clock source). As an example {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 1}}} shows using an external 16 MHz crystal. {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFL}
   \par
{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "Ws2811_Atmega328_schematic.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
 As you can see in the picture the AVR is programmed by using the ISP interface. The WS2812/WS2811 get the same voltage as the AVR, the light data is available at PinB0, you may change this if you like. Referring to the LEDs be aware of the current amount they may draw if every LED has its full brightness. One WS2812 can draw up to 60 mA, so one meter with 30 LEDs already need 1,8 A. If you want to control more LEDs you may have a problem with the voltage drop along the stribe. For example if you control 180 LEDs at six meters you not only need 10,8 A, furthermore you will probably have a voltage drop up to 2 V. To reduce the voltage drop you must increase the wire size with parallel wires to you stribe. You can see the voltage drop if you set all LEDs to white. If you have only a small voltage drop every LED will have the same color. If the voltage drop is too much you can see that the last LEDs will have less blue color, so they will light in a warm white color even up to red. If you want to try out the LEDs with the AVR you can build up everything on a breadboard. Pinheaders can be soldered easy at the light stribes as you can see in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 2}}}. {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFM}
   \par
{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "WS2812.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
 The connect GND to the common ground with the AVR, 5 V should be connected to a power supply that can handle the current you need. DI is the data in line, this should be connected to PinB0 at the AVR. The stribe is like a big shifting register, all the data you sent is shifted bit by bit through the stribe. So DO is the data out pin, you see some data at this pin if all LEDs before had already received their color data. The one wire protocol of the LEDs is described in the next section {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Software implementation}}}.\par
Datasheets:\par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "WS2812.pdf" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b Datasheet WS2812} }}} \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "WS2811.pdf" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b Datasheet WS2811} }}} \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "Atmega328.pdf" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b Datasheet Atmega328} }}} \par
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFK}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Software implementation
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Software implementation}
If your hardware is ready you must flash your AVR device with the provided software. Therefore the ISP-6 connector should be used. To get the right timing remember to set the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 F_CPU}}} definition to the frequency you are working at. Furthermore set the fuses of the AVR referring to your implementation. This means you have to clear the clock divider fuse and may have to change the clock source. I suggest to use the AtmelStudio to program your AVR and its fuses. \par
 The WS2812/WS2811 are controlled by one data line that works with a one wire protocol. Because of the missing clock line the timing is really important, this can either be achieved by doing some trick with the hardware interfaces (e.g. using the spi interface) or by bit banging. In this implementation bit banging is used. To get a good timing all color data must be transmitted in one block that is not interrupted by some other code. The timing specifications of the WS2812/WS2811 LEDs can be found in table {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 1}}} which refers to the datasheet ( {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "WS2812.pdf" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b WS2812} }}}).\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFN}
 \par
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{Information \cell }{Timing \cell }{Tolerance +/- \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{Transfer 1 Bit \cell }{HighTime+LowTime=1,25 \'B5s \cell }{600 ns \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{send 0, high time \cell }{0,35 \'B5s \cell }{150 ns \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{send 0, low time \cell }{0,8 \'B5s \cell }{150 ns \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{send 1, high time \cell }{0,7 \'B5s \cell }{150 ns \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{send 1, low time \cell }{0,6 \'B5s \cell }{150 ns \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{data transmission complete, low time \cell }{>50 \'B5s \cell }{- \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
Timing table for WS2812/WS2811 one wire protocol\pard\plain
\par
The timing is done by setting the output and wait the required time by doing nothing (call assembly NOPs). So it is important to compile the provided software at O1, other optimization levels may influence the timing. To send one bit (either high or low) two different macros are defined in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}} (SETHIGH and SETLOW), one LED needs 24 color bits. The macros depend on the value of {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 F_CPU}}} you entered in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 globals.h}}}. Furthermore the header file Lightstrib.h declares a color struct to handle 24 bit colors ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}) and three basic functions to control the LEDs. The corresponding c file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAES" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}} implements these functions. The most important function is the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}} function. This function and only this function transmits data to the stribe. All other functions either call this function or manipulate the color array. To achieve the right timing all effects and operations are done on a color array that stores the color information for the LEDs. The information is sent to the LEDs by calling transmit2leds with the lightdata pointer that points to an dynamically allocated array that stores the color information depending on the number of LEDs you want to control. Therefore your color array must at least be able to contain 24 bits x your number of LEDs. It can be bigger, what will allow you to create even more effects (e.g. if you rotate a rainbow array). So the effects that are implemented in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}} change the color array and afterwards the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}} is called. The c file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}} not only contains effects but also different necessary functions for the effects and the serial color handling. The {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}} function converts the received 8 bit colors from the serial port to 24 bit colors for the lightstribes. So you only sent 8 bit colors over the serial port to the AVR to reduce data size. Further information can be found in the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Protocol overview}}} section. The colors are decompressed with a simple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}} function you may know from Arduino. The main.c file initializes the hardware and handles the LEDs. A serial interrupt stores the data temporary. If the data transmission is complete the main function will extract the information and set the new configuration for the lightstribe.\par
 The last points to be mentioned in this section are some things you need to be careful. The first thing is that the 8 bit colors are in an RGB 3-3-2 format. The 24 bit color format depend on the LEDs. WS2812 LEDs use a GRB color scheme while WS2811 use a RGB color scheme. This is important, to achieve the right color the protocol includes a bit that decides the color scheme. The right color is resolved by the decompressing function {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}. Another thing is that the colors are not linearized, what means that you cannot say that a color you got from a color table will be look like this. As an example you picked an orange from a 3-3-2 rgb color table. This orange will not be the same orange on the LED stribe. This depends on many parameters so linearizing is too much effort and almost impossible (to achieve linearization you would have to measure each color, compare it and evaluate correction parameters).\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFG}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Protocol overview
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Protocol overview}
This section gives an overview of the implemented serial protocol. The goal of the protocol was to be as simple as possible, to be easily implemented on the AVR and to use as less resources as possible. {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Figure 3}}} shows the base structure of the protocol. {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFO}
   \par
{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "Protoll_V1_2_engl.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
As you can see a data transmission always starts with the preamble 254(0xFE). For a fast and easy implementation this preamble value must only be used as preamble and must never be another field value (e.g. you must not send the color value 254). The next byte that is sent contains the total length of the packet including the preamble and the length byte. If you sent a wrong length you may get an unexpected behavior until a new correct data packet is sent. The third field contains the effect. The different effects are listed in table XXX. In Bit 7 (MSb) you can choose the LED type you want to control, set the bit to 0 for WS2811 and to 1 for WS2812 LEDs. The next byte is a value to control the effect speed. You can set a delay between 0 (no delay) and 250 (longest delay possible). The value unit and is not a repeatable setting for different effects. This means that the delay is no correct wait function (e.g. wait for n milliseconds). Furthermore the effects work on the color array what may be faster for some effects and slower for others. The best thing is to try the effects with different values. The next field contains the number of the LEDs that should be controlled. Be aware that the maximum supported number of LEDs is 250, but this depends on your hardware. The chosen Atmega328p can handle this amount, if you choose an AVR with less RAM this will not work. What you can do is to allocate more LEDs than you actually have. This gives you the possibility to create further effects. What happens is that only a part of the array is sent to the LEDs but the other color values are stored internally in the AVR (in fact all color data is transmitted to the LEDs but the superfluous information is overwritten by new data). The last data field are the color values. One color is 8 bit RGB 3-3-2 and you should sent the right amount of colors for your chosen effect. If you sent to less information the data block will not be evaluated because the total length does not match. For sending some data do not forget to configure your UART (8N1 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}}) on both sides.\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFP}
 \par
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{Effect\par
number \cell }{Number of colors \par
 (1 byte RGB 3-3-2) \cell }{Description \cell }{Example \par
 (decimal) \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{0 = SETFULLCOLOR \cell }{1 \cell }{All LEDs glow at the same color without changes. \cell }{254 6 1 20 22 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{1 = FILLUP \cell }{2 (foreground, background) \cell }{One LED steps through the stribe in the foreground color and colors all LEDs after it in the background color.\par
 At the end of the stribe the LED stays at the foreground color and another LED starts to step through the stribe.\par
 This continues until the whole stribe is filled in the foreground color. \par
 Then the stribe is cleared to the background color and the effects begins again. \cell }{254 7 1 22 20 22 201 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{2 = BLINK \cell }{1 \cell }{The stribe blinks in the chosen color and to off (=black) repeatedly. \cell }{254 6 2 55 20 56 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{3 = RUNLED \cell }{2 (foreground, background) \cell }{All LEDs but one are colored in the background color.\par
 The one in the foreground color walks through the stribe with overflowing to the beginning. \cell }{254 7 3 55 20 56 151 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{5 = ALTERNATE \cell }{2 (foreground, background) \cell }{The LEDs are alternating in the foreground and the background color.\par
 First the even LEDs are colored in foreground and the uneven in the background color, after that vice versa. \cell }{254 7 5 55 20 56 151 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{7 = RECOLOR \cell }{1 \cell }{The stribe is filled in a new color step by step until the whole stribe stays in the new color. \cell }{254 6 7 55 20 38 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{8 = FADE \cell }{1 \cell }{The destination color is set and the base colors red, green and blue are decreased step by step until the stribe is off.\par
 After that the color values are increased until the destination color is reached.\par
 This generates a color fading effect. The color fading is not linearized. \cell }{254 6 8 55 20 201 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{9 = INITRAINBOW \cell }{no color \cell }{Set the stribe in a static rainbow color. \cell }{254 5 9 0 20 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{10 = ROTATE_R \cell }{no color \cell }{Rotate all LEDs one step to the right side (depends on lightdata array). \cell }{254 5 10 232 20 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{11 = ROTATE_L \cell }{no color \cell }{Rotate all LEDs one step to the left side (depends on lightdata array). \cell }{254 5 11 23 20 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4374
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6561
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{12 = CUSTOM \cell }{N colors \cell }{All LEDs are set to the static color referring to the sent color values.\par
 If there are more LEDs than color values the colors are repeated. \cell }{254 8 12 1 20 22 201 60 \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
Table containing all effects available over the serial protocol\pard\plain
\par
The missing numbers in table {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 2}}} are internally used by the AVR and must not be sent over the serial port.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFQ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Implement further effects
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Implement further effects}
This section tells you how to implement further effects. You may use already existing functions to generate new effects or add something completely new. All effects should be written in the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}} file and declared in its header file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.h}}}. You must know that everything works on a lightdata array that contains the colors stored in an array. The array is sent directly to the stribe if the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}} function is called. So you first need to manipulate the array and than send it to the stribe. The array is ordered in GRB color because the implementation has been done for WS2812 LEDs (WS2811 LEDs can be used the colors are converted in the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}} function referring to the MSb of the effect you sent, for more information see section {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Protocol overview}}}). So lightdata[0] contains one byte green data, lightdata[1] one byte red data, lightdata[2] blue data and so on. In general you can say lightdata[N%3==0] contains green, lightdata[N%3==1], lightdata[N%3==2] data. So the color array has a size of {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAXNUMCOLORS}}} * 3. So your function must at least have a pointer to the lightdata array as a call value. For creating your effect some nice functions are already implemented you may use. You can find a list of them in table {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 3}}}.\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFR}
 \par
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clcbpat16\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{Function Name \cell }{call values \cell }{operation \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}} \cell }{x,in_min,in_max,out_min,out_max \cell }{calculate an x value to a new number range \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}} \cell }{delay \cell }{wait some time dependend on delay \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe}}} \cell }{*lightdata \cell }{clear the stribe (all LEDs off) \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}} \cell }{*lightdata, direction \cell }{rotate stribe by one position (means 3 bytes) in direction (right/left) \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotateN}}} \cell }{*lightdata, direction,width \cell }{rotate LEDs by "width" positions (means width * 3 bytes) in direction (right/left) \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setled}}} \cell }{color, *lightdata, lednr \cell }{set one LED a position lednr in the chosen color, others off (black) \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2916
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5832
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}} \cell }{color, *lightdata, lednr \cell }{change the color of one LED at position lednr, others are unchanged \cell }
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\row }
Provided help functions for your own effect\pard\plain
\par
Your written effect should get an own definition in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.h}}} . The last thing is to add your definition in the main switch case structure. Referring to the implemented protocol your effect is available with the number you defined in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.h}}}. You must sent the neccessary information for your effect, for example the color values you need and so on. To get the color value you sent you need to call {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}} to convert the 8 bit RGB color into a 24 bit color. All colors you sent are available in the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}. The first color you sent is stored in index zero. Your implemented function must not care about the color order if you use the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}} function. This does the conversion depending on the MSb of the effect you sent over the serial port. The delay is handled by the global var {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}} and the number of LEDs to control is stored in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}. The effect is stored in the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}} variable. You should not do any changes on the serial part and the protocol reading, otherwise you will change to complete behavior of this implementation.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFS}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Requirements and Limitations
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Requirements and Limitations}
The implementation to control has the following requirements and limitations: {
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
colors are 8 bit compressed so you cannot get every color value of the LEDs \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
the protocol implementation with the preamble 254 prohibits this value for other protocol fields (e.g. color) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
approximate amount of RAM (in bytes) you need: {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAXNUMCOLORS}}}(=number of LEDs to control)*3 + {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UART_BUFFER_SIZE}}} *2 + {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAXNUMCOLORS}}} + 160 \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
only O1 optimization is supported \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
8 MHz and 16 MHz clock support \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
fuses must be programmed manually (clock source and clock divider) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
WS2801 stribes not supported (different hardware interface with two wires) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
AVR should run on 5 V \par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFH}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Example usage with an ESP8266
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Example usage with an ESP8266}
This section gives a short introduction about using the provided programm with an ESP8266. In this example the ESP8266 works as a wifi hotspot you can connect with and browse a website which allows different settings for the light stribe. The website is quite simple and only a few effects and colors are supported. If you enter the button "DO IT" your configuration is transmitted over the serial interface to the AVR. This is done through a software serial implementation, you find all necessary files below. You should step through all instructions to get the example work.\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFT}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
ESP8266 setup
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v ESP8266 setup}
First you need to setup the ESP8266. Because of different versions of ESP8266 modules you may miss something, this is just a quick guide. For more information you can browse the web. First you must connect your ESP8266 to a host computer over a serial interface for example using an FTDI. Remember to cross RX and TX of the serial port. Furthermore be aware of the ESP8266 voltage, it is 3,3 V. The current a serial chip may provide (some FTDIs provide some current) may not be enough for the ESP8266 and what can cause different problems. \par
 So first you need to flash your ESP8266 with the nodemcu firmware that provides a software serial. The binaries that have been used in this example can be found here: \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "0x00000.bin" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b Binaries part 1} }}} \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "0x10000.bin" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b Binaries part 2} }}} \par
 For uploading this binaries to the ESP8266 you should use the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nodemcu/nodemcu-flasher" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nodeMCUFlasher}}} that can be found on github. You need to set the serial port to which your ESP8266 is connected with and configure the source files for flashing the firmware. You need to set the COM port to which you ESP8266 is connected to (see {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 4}}}). Furthermore you must consider the following hardware configuration: {
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
3,3 V logic level \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bootmode low (IO15) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
chip enable high (CH_PD) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reset high (drive low to reset the module) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
IO0 low for firmware flashing (high for programming and normal operation) \par}
The firmware programmer waits for the MAC of the ESP8266 module which will be successfully read if everything is done fine. As you can see in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 4}}} the firmware programmer is still waiting for an ESP8266. {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFU}
\par
{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "NodeMCUFlasher_flash.PNG" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
If the ESP8266 is connected right you now set the configuration to the provided binaries as you can see in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 5}}}. You must browse to the binary files and set the destination address. Now you can hit the "Flash"-Button (see {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 4}}}). {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFV}
\par
{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "NodeMCUFlasher_config.PNG" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
After flashing the firmware you need to reboot the ESP8266 module. Before you do this you should change the IO0 to high level (3V3) because after the reboot we want to program the module with our own program. The reset can be done by setting reset low. The program we will upload to the module is written in Lua. Lua is a scripting language that is interpreted by the firmware running on the module. So the performance is not the best, but the programming is quite simple. The little program that you can find below set up the module as an access point, runs a simple webserver that interacts with a software serial to control the AVR. One thing you must know about the Lua programming is that the variable types are assigned implicit so you cannot control whether a number is stored as 16 bit or 32 bit signed or unsigned variable. Another thing you should know is that the program you write needs the full memory space of its file. That means shorter variable names save memory and furthermore documentation should be as short as possible or left.\par
 For writing your program you can use any text editor, notepad++ is a good choice. If you are finished you must upload the file to the module. Therefore you use the same setup as for firmware updating but you must set IO0 to high level. For uploading your program you can use the ESP8266 Lua Loader. It is easy to handle and you can try out several things first, before you upload your code. You can find the main window of the ESP8266 Lua Loader in {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 6}}}. {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFW}
\par
{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "LuaLoader.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
On the right side you can set the baud rate for uploading you program to the module. In the GPIO section you can easily set and reset them to try your wiring. By using the restart button you will restart the module. This may be necessary if your heap (RAM) is to low. This is caused by inefficient programming or by a program that is to big for the module. Global variables need a lot of heap. For uploading your program hit the "Upload File..." button. In a file browser you choose your program that should be transferred to the module. After completion you hit the "dofile" button to run the program. This short description should be enough.\par
 So now we upload the Lua program that starts the webserver and sends data over a software serial to the AVR. You can find this program here:\par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "complex_server.lua" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b lua program for controlling the AVR} }}} \par
 The program does the following: {
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
set up the ESP8266 module as an access point (SSID=Lichterkette, password=12345678, you may change this) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
start a webserver that listens on port 80 \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
load the index.html website and handle requests \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
sent UART commands matching for the AVR implementation to generate different effects depending on the request \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
software serial is set to GPIO5 (GPIO5 is available at software number 1) \par}
Some further things you should know: {
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
the maximum of parallel accessing devices is four \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
parallel devices can never access another device \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
the software uart only supports TX (8N1 up to 38400 baud) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
if you change the website you must change the hard coded content length of the website \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
the address of the ESP8266 is always 192.168.4.1 \par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFX}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Connect ESP8266 with AVR
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v Connect ESP8266 with AVR}
After uploading the main program file you need to upload the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "_index.html" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b _index.html} }}} file. Before uploading remove the underscore so that the files name is index.html (the underscore has been inserted because of conflicts with this html documentation). For uploading other file types (than lua programs) to your ESP8266 module you need to use the "Upload Bin" button of the Lua Loader. The file will be uploaded to the file system on the ESP8266. \par
 Now your ESP8266 module is ready to try the first communication with the AVR. So now you need a hardware setup where the ESP8266 and AVR are connected. Be aware of the different voltage levels (AVR uses 5V, ESP8266 3V3). You should connect everything like {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 7}}} shows.\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFY}
\par
{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "Ws2811_Atmega328.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
 Your ESP8266 should still be connected with the host computer. If your hardware setup is ready you now must hit the "dofile" button in the Lua Loader (complexe_server.lua must be the selected file that should be executed). After a short time you can use any device to search for the access point that is set up by the ESP8266 module. It will have your SSID (default "Lichterkette") and your chosen password (default "12345678"). After you connected to your ESP8266 module you should open a web browser and browse the IP address 192.168.4.1. The browser should load the website. Now choose your configuration for the LEDs and hit the "DO IT" Button on the website. The website should be reloaded and the lightstribes get the configuration you have chosen. If everything is working fine the last thing to do is to make the ESP8266 as a stand alone device without the need of an external host. For this you must remove the complex_webserver.lua file from the module. Now you rename the file on your host computer to init.lua. Afterwards you upload this file to the ESP8266. This file is always loaded at first when the ESP8266 is powered on. So now you have a stand alone webserver that communicates with your AVR for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs.\par
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFZ}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Short setup
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v Short setup}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
flash the provided image ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "0x00000.bin" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b Binaries part 1} }}},{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "0x10000.bin" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b Binaries part 2} }}} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
upload the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "_index.html" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b _index.html} }}} renamed to index.html \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
upload the lua program {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "complex_server.lua" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b complex_server.lua} }}} renamed to init.lua \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
setup your hardware refering to {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 figure 7}}} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
connect to your ESP8266 with your SSID and your password (default: Lichterkette, 12345678) \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
browse 192.168.4.1 on your device \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
set up your configuration and hit "DO IT" \par}
\par
 author: Florian Wank, 2016 \par}
\par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Data Structure Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Data Structure Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Data Structures\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the data structures with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
24 Bit color structure RGB 8-8-8 })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v File Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
File List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all documented files with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 globals.h}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
File that contains basic and global definitions, changes should be done carefully })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Effect functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.h}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
File that contains different effect definitions for the lightstribe })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAES" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Basic functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAES \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Basic functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ws2811lichterkette.c}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Main file for interfacing WS2811/WS2812 LEDs })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Data Structure Documentation{\tc \v Data Structure Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
color24bit Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v color24bit}
{\xe \v color24bit}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
24 Bit color structure RGB 8-8-8 }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <Lightstribe.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Fields\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
8 Bit red }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
8 Bit green }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
8 Bit blue }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
24 Bit color structure RGB 8-8-8 \par
}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 16}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}
.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Documentation{\tc \v File Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
globals.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v globals.h}
{\xe \v globals.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
file that contains basic and global definitions, changes should be done carefully }}\par
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b _STR_EXPAND}(tok)\~ #tok{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b _STR}(tok)\~ _STR_EXPAND(tok){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b _CPU_INFO}(x)\~ CPU_FREQUENCY##x{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
\~ extern{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
macro for global variable management }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BASELEDTYPE}}}
\~ 11{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
default LED type of the stribe (11 for WS2811, do not change here! change ledtype in main function!) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAXNUMCOLORS}}}
\~ 50{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
definition for maximum number of different colors that can be handled at the same time (the maximum value should be 250, a higher value may result in an memory overflow refering to 2kByte (atmega328p)) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UART_BUFFER_SIZE}}}
\~ 80{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
definition for UART Buffer, must be at least MAXNUMCOLORS+5 }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 F_CPU}}}
\~ 8000000{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
CPU Frequency definition for avr delay function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
global variable for number of leds to control }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint16_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
global effectime for effect delays, a higher value means a higher delay }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ledtype}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
global ledtype, 11 = WS2811 (RGB Color), 12 = WS2812 (GRB Color) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
 [{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAXNUMCOLORS}}}
]{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
color array containing the received packed 8-Bit colors }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
 [{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UART_BUFFER_SIZE}}}
]{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
receive buffer for UART communication }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BufferCounter}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
counter for accessing the CompColorArray indices for data income }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DataLen}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
variable to store the current packet length of the UART packet }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
global effect variable to switch between the effects }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
flag to store if a UART packet is complete; a packet is complete if the BufferCounter equals DataLen }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PaketStart}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
flag to store if the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PREAMBLE}}} has been received }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 IsReading}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
flag to show if the RecBuffer is in copy process so that the array cannot be filled with new data from UART }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 volatile char {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ReceivedChar}}}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
current data received from UART }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
file that contains basic and global definitions, changes should be done carefully \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid V1.00 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Date:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 05.01.2016 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Authors:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Wank Florian \par
}}{
Definition in file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 globals.h}}}
.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
globals.h\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 /**************************************************************************/\par
    9 #include <stdint.h>\par
   10 \par
   11 #ifndef GLOBALS_H_\par
   12 #define GLOBALS_H_\par
   13 \par
   14 //macros to display infos for CPU Frequency or other defines\par
   15 #define _STR_EXPAND(tok) #tok\par
   16 #define _STR(tok) _STR_EXPAND(tok)\par
   17 #define _CPU_INFO(x) CPU_FREQUENCY##x\par
   18 \par
   20 #ifndef EXTERN\par
   21 #define EXTERN extern\par
   22 #endif\par
   23 \par
   25 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;\par
   27 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint16_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
;\par
   29 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ledtype}}}
;\par
   31 #define BASELEDTYPE 11\par
   32 \par
   35 #define MAXNUMCOLORS 50\par
   36 \par
   37 #define UART_BUFFER_SIZE 80\par
   38 \par
   40 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAXNUMCOLORS}}}
];\par
   42 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UART_BUFFER_SIZE}}}
];\par
   44 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BufferCounter}}}
;\par
   46 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DataLen}}}
;\par
   48 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
;\par
   49 \par
   50 //EXTERN uint8_t speed;\par
   51 \par
   53 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
;\par
   55 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PaketStart}}}
;\par
   57 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 IsReading}}}
;\par
   59 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EXTERN}}}
 volatile char {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ReceivedChar}}}
;\par
   60 \par
   62 #ifndef F_CPU\par
   63 #define F_CPU 8000000\par
   64 #endif\par
   65 #endif /* GLOBALS_H_ */\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LedEffects.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
effect functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs }}\par
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "globals.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "Lightstribe.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "LedEffects.h"}\par
{\f2 #include <util/delay.h>}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
 (uint8_t x, uint8_t in_min, uint8_t in_max, uint8_t out_min, uint8_t out_max)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Arduino map function; used for color conversion. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
 (uint8_t startcolor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
color conversion function; converts a 8 Bit color (RGB 3-3-2) to a 24 Bit color (RGB 8-8-8) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
 (uint16_t delay)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
simple delay function; no concrete delay time }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set all LEDs to the chosen color; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set all LEDs off; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotate the lightdata for 1 LED Position; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotateN}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction, uint8_t width)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotate the lightdata for n LED Positions; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 background)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
init the runled effect; run runrunled afterwards to start the effect }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Do the runled effect; before this function is called the lightdata needs to be initiliazed using initrunled! }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
blink the whole stribe; this function does not need another function call }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 backcolor, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
initialize the alternating function; call run_alternating afterwards }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the alternating effect; call init_alternating before. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Recolor the LED stribe; no other function call is necessary. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generate a fading color effect. No other function call is necessary. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrainbow}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize a rainbow on the color array; to show the rainbow run transmit2leds afterwards. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the easteregg; do not use directly; this function is used by the easteregg function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the easteregg; No other function call is necessary. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 backcolor, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function fills up the stribe; No other function call is necessary. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
effect functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This file contains different effect functions to control WS2811/WS2812 LEDs using an AVR. It also contains a conversion function to convert 8 Bit color values (RGB 3-3-2) to 24 Bit color values (RGB/GRB 8-8-8). The effects control first the lightdata array and then transmit the array data to the stribe. Using different operations result in different effects. You can add different functions if you like to. But remember that all operations need to be done on the lightdata array that needs to be transmitted at one block to the LEDs after your array has been changed. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid V1.00 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Date:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 05.01.2016 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Authors:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Wank Florian \par
}}{
Definition in file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v blinkled\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:blinkled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void blinkled (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
blink the whole stribe; this function does not need another function call }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function creates a blinking effect. First all LEDs are set to the chosen color, after the defined delay the LEDs are turned off. This is repeated in the main while loop. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color for the blink effect \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! This is already done in the function. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 278}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe()}}}
resetstribe(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v colorconv8to24\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:colorconv8to24}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 colorconv8to24 (uint8_t  {\i startcolor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
color conversion function; converts a 8 Bit color (RGB 3-3-2) to a 24 Bit color (RGB 8-8-8) }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{startcolor: 8 Bit color to convert \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} : 24 Bit color result \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function converts the 8 Bit color to a 24 Bit color depending on the ledtype. This is neccessary because of differnt color formats (WS2811->RGB ; WS2812->GRB). Original the whole environment was for WS2812 LEDs! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 45}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ledtype}}}
ledtype, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map()}}}
map(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg()}}}
easteregg(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v easteregg\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:easteregg}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void easteregg (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the easteregg; No other function call is necessary. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Just try it :-) funny looking effect \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 514}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24()}}}
colorconv8to24(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v eastereggbase\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:eastereggbase}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void eastereggbase (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the easteregg; do not use directly; this function is used by the easteregg function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color for the easteregg \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Do not use this function directly; this function is used by the easteregg function \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 489}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate()}}}
rotate(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg()}}}
easteregg().}\par
}
{\xe \v effectdelay\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:effectdelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void effectdelay (uint16_t  {\i delay})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
simple delay function; no concrete delay time }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint16_t} \cell }{delay : delay value \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function is just a variable delay, there is no coherence with a concrete time (i.e. s, ms) \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 72}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled()}}}
blinkled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden()}}}
faden(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup()}}}
fillup(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor()}}}
recolor(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating()}}}
run_alternating(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled()}}}
runrunled().}\par
}
{\xe \v faden\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:faden}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void faden (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generate a fading color effect. No other function call is necessary. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function generates a fading color effect. At the beginning the whole stribe is filled with the chosen color. The color intensity of each color channel (blue, red, green) is decreased until the stribe is off. After that the color values are increased until the chosen color values are reached. The effect looks different depending on the chosen color because the color value proportion is not kept over the whole effect. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color that is used for the fading effect \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! The effect is standalone and ends is looped in the main while loop. The color value proportion is not kept over the whole effect. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 366}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v fillup\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:fillup}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void fillup (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i backcolor}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function fills up the stribe; No other function call is necessary. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function fills up the whole stribe and beginns again if it is finished. First one LED moves in the chosen color stepwise through the whole stribe and recolors all LEDs in the background color which have already been passed. At the end of the stribe the LED stays an the next single LED is going to move to the last-1 position. The next LED to the last-2 position. This is going on until the whole stribe is colored. Then the effect restarts (main while loop). {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : foreground color for the moving LED \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} backcolor : background color \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This is a standalone effect. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 549}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v init_alternating\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:init_alternating}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void init_alternating (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i backcolor}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
initialize the alternating function; call run_alternating afterwards }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function initializes the alternating effect. The effect assigns every even LED number in one color and the odd numbers in the background color. If the effect is running, the odd and even LED switch positions. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color for the alternate effect (Init even LEDs) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} backcolor : color for the alternate effect bakckground (Init odd LEDs) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Run run_alternating afterwards to start the effect! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 300}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v initrainbow\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:initrainbow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void initrainbow (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize a rainbow on the color array; to show the rainbow run transmit2leds afterwards. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function fills the color array with rainbow colors. For this effect the color array is filled with different colors that are calculated by increasing and decreasing the color channels to loop over a RGB palette. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Run transmit2leds afterwards! A nice effect is to rotate the array stepwise after the rainbow initialization (run transmit2leds after every rotation). The effect directly sets color values, so there may be a problem with the color profiles (RGB vs. GRB). The function was primary written for WS2812 LEDs (GRB)! The effect needs a minimum number of 20 LEDs to look nice! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 442}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v initrunled\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:initrunled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void initrunled (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i background})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
init the runled effect; run runrunled afterwards to start the effect }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function initializes the running LED effect. The running LED effect has a background color that is used for all LEDs except one. One LED is in the foreground color an moves stepwise along the stribe. The initialization prepares the lightdata array by setting one LED at the start position and filling the others with the background color. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : 24 Bit color for the effect \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} background : 24 Bit color for the effect background \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Run runrunled afterwards to start the effect! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 217}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v map\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:map}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint8_t map (uint8_t  {\i x}, uint8_t  {\i in_min}, uint8_t  {\i in_max}, uint8_t  {\i out_min}, uint8_t  {\i out_max})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Arduino map function; used for color conversion. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{x: value to map \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{in_min : minimum value input reference \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{in_max : maximum value input reference \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{out_min : minimum value output reference \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{out_max : maximum value output reference \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid uint8_t : mapped value referring to the input \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function is used for color conversion from 8 Bit to 24 Bit colors; How it works: in_min < x < in_max convert to out_min < returnvalue < out_max by positioning the x proportionally in the new number range \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 33}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24()}}}
colorconv8to24().}\par
}
{\xe \v recolor\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:recolor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void recolor (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Recolor the LED stribe; no other function call is necessary. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function generates a recolor effect. The old configuration of the LEDs is overwritten with the new color step by step. When the whole stribe is filled with the new color the effect ends. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color that is used for recoloring \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! The effect is standalone and ends if the stribe is recolored. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 340}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v resetstribe\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:resetstribe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void resetstribe (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set all LEDs off; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function sets the lightdata array to 0x00. To update the stribe run transmit2leds afterwards! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 118}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled()}}}
blinkled().}\par
}
{\xe \v rotate\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:rotate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void rotate (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i direction})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotate the lightdata for 1 LED Position; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{direction : direction to rotate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function rotates lightdata array. To update the stribe run transmit2leds afterwards! The rotation "moves every LED" by one step, the overflowing LED is appended at the other ending. Example: RED BLUE YELLOW GREEN ... rotate... BLUE YELLOW GREEN RED other direction: RED BLUE YELLOW GREEN ... rotate... GREEN RED BLUE YELLOW \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 138}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotateN()}}}
rotateN(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating()}}}
run_alternating(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled()}}}
runrunled().}\par
}
{\xe \v rotateN\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:rotateN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void rotateN (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i direction}, uint8_t  {\i width})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotate the lightdata for n LED Positions; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{direction : direction to rotate \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{width : width to rotate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function rotates lightdata array. To update the stribe run transmit2leds afterwards! The rotation "moves every LED" by n steps, the overflowing LEDs are appended at the other ending. Example: RED BLUE YELLOW GREEN PINK ... rotate 2 ... YELLOW GREEN PINK RED BLUE other direction: RED BLUE YELLOW GREEN PINK ... rotate 2 ... GREEN PINK RED BLUE YELLOW \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 196}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate()}}}
rotate().}\par
}
{\xe \v run_alternating\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:run_alternating}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void run_alternating (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the alternating effect; call init_alternating before. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function runs the alternating effect. The effect assigns every even LED number in one color and the odd numbers in the background color. If the effect is running, the odd and even LED switch positions. This function rotates the LEDs by one position to achieve the effect. The rotation direction is not of importance. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! The effect is generated by the main while loop. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 323}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate()}}}
rotate(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v runrunled\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:runrunled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void runrunled (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i direction})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Do the runled effect; before this function is called the lightdata needs to be initiliazed using initrunled! }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function runs the running LED effect. The running LED effect has a background color that is used for all LEDs except one. The one LED moves stepwise to the next position depending on the chosen direction. Direction 0/1 are right/left, direction 2 runs from left to right an back again. For direction 0/1 the running LED overflows and begins on the other ending. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{direction : movement direction, 0/1 = right/left, 2 = left->right and back \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! This is already done in the function. The function is interrupted if a new UART package is completely received so a new effect gets active. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 236}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate()}}}
rotate(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v setfullcolor\:LedEffects.c}
{\xe \v LedEffects.c\:setfullcolor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void setfullcolor (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set all LEDs to the chosen color; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color to set \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function sets the lightdata array. To update the stribe run transmit2leds afterwards! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 96}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled()}}}
blinkled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden()}}}
faden(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating()}}}
init_alternating(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled()}}}
initrunled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe()}}}
resetstribe().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LedEffects.c\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 /**************************************************************************/\par
   16 #include "{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 globals.h}}}
"\par
   17 #include "{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}
"\par
   18 #include "{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.h}}}
"\par
   19 #include <util/delay.h>\par
   20 \par
   33 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
(uint8_t x, uint8_t in_min, uint8_t in_max, uint8_t out_min, uint8_t out_max)\par
   34 \{\par
   35     return (x - in_min) * (out_max - out_min) / (in_max - in_min) + out_min;\par
   36 \}\par
   37 \par
   45 struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
(uint8_t startcolor)\par
   46 \{\par
   47     struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color;\par
   48     if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ledtype}}}
==11)\par
   49     \{   //color conversion for WS2811 LEDs (RGB color)\par
   50         //the converted values are assigned to the colors of the struct, red an green are switched\par
   51         //because of the different color profiles\par
   52         color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 ={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
((0b00000011 & startcolor),0,3,0,255);   //2 Bit blue converted to 8 bit\par
   53         color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
((0b00011100 & startcolor)>>2,0,7,0,255);  //3 Bit green converted to 8 bit, assigned to red (color profiles!)\par
   54         color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
((0b11100000 & startcolor)>>5,0,7,0,255);//3 Bit red converted to 8 bit, assigned to green (color profiles!) \par
   55     \}\par
   56     else\par
   57     \{   //color conversion for WS2812 LEDs (GRB color)\par
   58         //the converted values are assigned to the colors of the struct\par
   59         //no color switching is done, the environment is for WS2812 LEDs (GRB)\par
   60         color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 ={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
((0b00000011 & startcolor),0,3,0,255);   //2 Bit blue\par
   61         color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
((0b00011100 & startcolor)>>2,0,7,0,255);//3 Bit green\par
   62         color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
((0b11100000 & startcolor)>>5,0,7,0,255);  //3 Bit red\par
   63     \}\par
   64     return color;\par
   65 \}\par
   66 \par
   72 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
(uint16_t delay)\par
   73 \{\par
   74     uint16_t j;\par
   75     if (delay==0)\par
   76         return;\par
   77     do\par
   78     \{\par
   79         j=2000;\par
   80         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)  //interrupt the function if new settings have been received\par
   81             break;\par
   82         do\par
   83         \{\par
   84             asm ("nop");\par
   85         \} while (--j);\par
   86     \} while (--delay);\par
   87     \par
   88 \}\par
   89 \par
   96 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
   97 \{\par
   98     uint8_t ledcolor;\par
   99     uint16_t i;\par
  100     for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
*3;i++) //Loop over color array (lightdata)\par
  101     \{\par
  102         ledcolor = i%3;\par
  103         //set the array elements\par
  104         if (ledcolor==0)\par
  105             *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
;   \par
  106         else if(ledcolor==1)\par
  107             *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
;     \par
  108         else\par
  109             *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
;\par
  110     \}\par
  111 \}\par
  112 \par
  118 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  119 \{\par
  120     struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color;\par
  121     color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 = 0x00;\par
  122     color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
= 0x00;\par
  123     color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
 = 0x00;\par
  124     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
(color, lightdata);\par
  125 \}\par
  126 \par
  138 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction)\par
  139 \{\par
  140     uint8_t temp1, temp2, temp3;\par
  141     uint8_t *tempp;\par
  142     uint16_t i;\par
  143     \par
  144     if (direction==0)\par
  145     \{\par
  146         //Store overflowing LED\par
  147         temp1 = *lightdata;\par
  148         temp2= *(lightdata+1);\par
  149         temp3 =*(lightdata+2);\par
  150         //Rotate the array (minus 1 LED-->overflow; 1 LED correlate three 8 Bit color values)\par
  151         for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
*3-3;i++)\par
  152         \{   //increase the array pointer step by step\par
  153             *lightdata = *(lightdata+3);\par
  154             lightdata++;\par
  155         \}\par
  156         //assign overflowed LED\par
  157         *lightdata++ = temp1;\par
  158         *lightdata++ = temp2;\par
  159         *lightdata++ = temp3;\par
  160         \par
  161     \}\par
  162     else\par
  163     \{\par
  164         //Set a pointer to the end of the lightdata\par
  165         tempp = lightdata + {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
*3 -1;\par
  166         //Store overflowing LED\par
  167         temp1 = *tempp;\par
  168         temp2 = *(tempp-1);\par
  169         temp3 = *(tempp-2);\par
  170         \par
  171         //Rotate the array (minus 1 LED-->overflow; 1 LED correlate three 8 Bit color values)\par
  172         for (i=0;i<(NumOfLeds*3-3);i++)\par
  173         \{   //decrease the array pointer step by step\par
  174             *tempp = *(tempp-3);    \par
  175             tempp--;    \par
  176         \}\par
  177         //assign overflowed LED\par
  178         *tempp--=temp1;\par
  179         *tempp--=temp2;\par
  180         *tempp = temp3;     \par
  181     \}\par
  182 \}\par
  183 \par
  196 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotateN}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction, uint8_t width)\par
  197 \{\par
  198     uint8_t i;\par
  199     for (i=0;i<width;i++)\par
  200     \{\par
  201         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(lightdata,direction);\par
  202     \}\par
  203 \}\par
  204 \par
  217 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 background)\par
  218 \{\par
  219     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
(background,lightdata);\par
  220     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(color, lightdata,0);\par
  221 \}\par
  222 \par
  236 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction)\par
  237 \{\par
  238     uint8_t i;\par
  239     \par
  240     //Run from left to right and back, one loop in this function, main while repeats the effect\par
  241     if (direction==2)\par
  242     \{\par
  243         for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;i++)\par
  244         \{\par
  245             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  246             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(lightdata,1);\par
  247             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  248             if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  249                 break;\par
  250         \}\par
  251         for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;i++)\par
  252         \{\par
  253             \par
  254             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(lightdata,0);\par
  255             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  256             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  257             if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  258                 break;\par
  259         \}   \par
  260     \}\par
  261     else\par
  262     \{   //Only one rotation is done, main while does the effect\par
  263         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(lightdata,direction);\par
  264         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  265         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);     \par
  266     \}\par
  267 \}\par
  268 \par
  278 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  279 \{\par
  280     //Set the chosen color\par
  281     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
(color, lightdata);\par
  282     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  283     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  284     //Turn the stribe off\par
  285     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe}}}
(lightdata);\par
  286     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  287     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  288 \}\par
  289 \par
  300 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 backcolor, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  301 \{\par
  302     uint16_t i;\par
  303     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
(backcolor, lightdata);     //Set background color\par
  304     for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;i++)\par
  305     \{\par
  306         if(i%2==0)\par
  307         \{\par
  308             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(color,lightdata,i);   //set the even LEDs\par
  309         \}\par
  310     \}\par
  311 \}\par
  312 \par
  323 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata )\par
  324 \{\par
  325     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  326     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  327     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(lightdata,1);\par
  328 \}\par
  329 \par
  340 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  341 \{\par
  342     uint8_t i;\par
  343     for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;i++)\par
  344     \{\par
  345         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(color,lightdata,i);\par
  346         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  347         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  348         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  349             break;\par
  350     \}\par
  351 \}\par
  352 \par
  366 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  367 \{\par
  368     uint8_t i;\par
  369     uint8_t maxgreen, maxred, maxblue;\par
  370     maxgreen =color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
;\par
  371     maxblue = color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
;\par
  372     maxred = color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
;\par
  373     for (i=0;i<255;i++) //Fade down to LED off\par
  374     \{\par
  375         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
(color,lightdata);\par
  376         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  377         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  378         //Decrease the color values that are greater than 0, stop if every value is 0\par
  379         if (color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
 > 0)\par
  380         \{\par
  381             --color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
;\par
  382         \}\par
  383         if (color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 > 0)\par
  384         \{\par
  385             --color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
;\par
  386         \}\par
  387         if (color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
 > 0)\par
  388         \{\par
  389             --color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
;\par
  390         \}\par
  391         if (color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
 == 0 && color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 == 0 && color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
 == 0)\par
  392         \{\par
  393             break;\par
  394         \}\par
  395         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  396         \{\par
  397             break;\par
  398         \}\par
  399     \}\par
  400     \par
  401     for (i=0;i<255;i++) //Fade up to chosen color\par
  402     \{\par
  403         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
(color,lightdata);\par
  404         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  405         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  406         //Increase the color values is they are lower than the chosen color value, stop if all maximums are reached\par
  407         if (color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
 < maxgreen)\par
  408         \{\par
  409             ++color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
;\par
  410         \}\par
  411         if (color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 < maxblue)\par
  412         \{\par
  413             ++color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
;\par
  414         \}\par
  415         if (color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
 < maxred)\par
  416         \{\par
  417             ++color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
;\par
  418         \}\par
  419         if (color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
 == maxred && color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 == maxblue && color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
 == maxgreen)\par
  420         \{\par
  421             break;\par
  422         \}\par
  423         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  424         \{\par
  425             break;\par
  426         \}\par
  427     \}   \par
  428 \}\par
  429 \par
  442 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrainbow}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  443 \{\par
  444     uint8_t steps = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
 / 5;\par
  445     struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color;\par
  446     uint8_t i,j;\par
  447     //Start rainbow with red color\par
  448     color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
 = 0xFF;\par
  449     color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
= 0x00;\par
  450     color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
=0x00;\par
  451     j=0;\par
  452     for(i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;i++)\par
  453     \{\par
  454         if (j<steps)\par
  455         \{\par
  456             color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 = 0x00+0xFF/steps*j;     //increase blue to get violett      \par
  457         \}\par
  458         else if(j>steps && j<=2*steps)\par
  459         \{\par
  460             color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
 = 0xFF-0xFF/steps*(j/2);  //decrease red to get blue\par
  461         \}\par
  462         else if(j>2*steps && j<=3*steps)\par
  463         \{\par
  464             color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
 = 0x00+0xFF/steps*(j/3);//increase green to get cyan\par
  465         \}\par
  466         else if(j>3*steps && j<=4*steps)\par
  467         \{\par
  468             color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
 = 0xFF-0xFF/steps*(j/4); //decrease blue to get green\par
  469         \}\par
  470         else if(j>4*steps && j<=5*steps)\par
  471         \{\par
  472             color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
 = 0x00+0xFF/steps*(j/5);  //increase red to get yellow\par
  473         \}\par
  474         else if(j>6*steps)\par
  475         \{\par
  476             color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
 = 0xFF-0xFF/steps*(j/6);//decrease green to get red\par
  477         \}\par
  478         j++;\par
  479         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(color,lightdata,i);\par
  480     \}\par
  481 \}\par
  482 \par
  489 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  490 \{\par
  491     uint8_t i,j;\par
  492     uint8_t n;\par
  493     j={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;\par
  494     for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;i++)\par
  495     \{\par
  496         n=(j-i);\par
  497         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(color,lightdata,0);\par
  498         while(n-->0)\par
  499         \{\par
  500             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(lightdata,1);\par
  501             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  502             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  503         \}\par
  504         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  505         break;\par
  506     \}\par
  507 \}\par
  508 \par
  514 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  515 \{\par
  516     struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, color2;\par
  517     uint8_t i;\par
  518     color={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
(252);\par
  519     color2={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
(201);\par
  520     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase}}}
(color2,lightdata);\par
  521     for (i=0;i<100;i++)\par
  522     \{\par
  523         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  524         break;\par
  525         _delay_ms(50);\par
  526     \}\par
  527     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase}}}
(color,lightdata);\par
  528     for (i=0;i<100;i++)\par
  529     \{\par
  530         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  531         break;\par
  532         _delay_ms(50);\par
  533     \}\par
  534 \}\par
  535 \par
  549 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color,struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 backcolor, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
  550 \{\par
  551     uint8_t i,j;\par
  552     for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;i++)\par
  553     \{\par
  554         for (j=0;j<NumOfLeds-i;j++)\par
  555         \{\par
  556             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(color,lightdata,j);           //running LED, foreground\par
  557             if (j>0)\par
  558             \{\par
  559                 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(backcolor,lightdata,j-1); //background LEDs\par
  560             \}\par
  561             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  562             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  563         \}\par
  564         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)\par
  565             break;\par
  566         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  567     \}\par
  568 \}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LedEffects.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
file that contains different effect definitions for the lightstribe }}\par
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SETFULLCOLOR}}}
\~ 0{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the setfullcolor effect, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FILLUP}}}
\~ 1{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the the fillup effect, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BLINK}}}
\~ 2{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the blink effect, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RUNLED}}}
\~ 3{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the runled effect, used for main switch, refers to the runled init }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ALTERNATE}}}
\~ 5{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the alternating effect, used for main switch, refers to the alternate init }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RECOLOR}}}
\~ 7{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the recolor effect, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FADE}}}
\~ 8{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the fade effect, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 INITRAINBOW}}}
\~ 9{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the initrainbow function, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ROTATE_R}}}
\~ 10{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the the rotate function right, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ROTATE_L}}}
\~ 11{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the the rotate function left, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CUSTOM}}}
\~ 12{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the custom effect, used for main switch, every LED is filled in a userdefined color (up to MAXNUMCOLORS, then reloop the colors) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EASTEREGG}}}
\~ 13{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
define for the easteregg effect, used for main switch }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
 (uint8_t x, uint8_t in_min, uint8_t in_max, uint8_t out_min, uint8_t out_max)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Arduino map function; used for color conversion. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
 (uint8_t startcolor)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
color conversion function; converts a 8 Bit color (RGB 3-3-2) to a 24 Bit color (RGB 8-8-8) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
 (uint16_t delay)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
simple delay function; no concrete delay time }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set all LEDs to the chosen color; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set all LEDs off; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotate the lightdata for 1 LED Position; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotateN}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction, uint8_t width)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotate the lightdata for n LED Positions; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 background)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
init the runled effect; run runrunled afterwards to start the effect }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Do the runled effect; before this function is called the lightdata needs to be initiliazed using initrunled! }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
blink the whole stribe; this function does not need another function call }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 backcolor, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
initialize the alternating function; call run_alternating afterwards }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the alternating effect; call init_alternating before. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Recolor the LED stribe; no other function call is necessary. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generate a fading color effect. No other function call is necessary. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrainbow}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize a rainbow on the color array; to show the rainbow run transmit2leds afterwards. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the easteregg; do not use directly; this function is used by the easteregg function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg}}}
 (uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the easteregg; No other function call is necessary. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 backcolor, uint8_t *lightdata)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function fills up the stribe; No other function call is necessary. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
file that contains different effect definitions for the lightstribe \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid V1.00 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Date:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 05.01.2016 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Authors:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Wank Florian \par
}}{
Definition in file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAER" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.h}}}
.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v blinkled\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:blinkled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void blinkled (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
blink the whole stribe; this function does not need another function call }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function creates a blinking effect. First all LEDs are set to the chosen color, after the defined delay the LEDs are turned off. This is repeated in the main while loop. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color for the blink effect \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! This is already done in the function. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 278}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe()}}}
resetstribe(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v colorconv8to24\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:colorconv8to24}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 colorconv8to24 (uint8_t  {\i startcolor})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
color conversion function; converts a 8 Bit color (RGB 3-3-2) to a 24 Bit color (RGB 8-8-8) }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{startcolor: 8 Bit color to convert \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} : 24 Bit color result \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function converts the 8 Bit color to a 24 Bit color depending on the ledtype. This is neccessary because of differnt color formats (WS2811->RGB ; WS2812->GRB). Original the whole environment was for WS2812 LEDs! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 45}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ledtype}}}
ledtype, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map()}}}
map(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg()}}}
easteregg(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v easteregg\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:easteregg}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void easteregg (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the easteregg; No other function call is necessary. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Just try it :-) funny looking effect \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 514}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24()}}}
colorconv8to24(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v eastereggbase\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:eastereggbase}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void eastereggbase (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the easteregg; do not use directly; this function is used by the easteregg function. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color for the easteregg \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Do not use this function directly; this function is used by the easteregg function \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 489}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate()}}}
rotate(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg()}}}
easteregg().}\par
}
{\xe \v effectdelay\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:effectdelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void effectdelay (uint16_t  {\i delay})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
simple delay function; no concrete delay time }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint16_t} \cell }{delay : delay value \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function is just a variable delay, there is no coherence with a concrete time (i.e. s, ms) \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 72}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled()}}}
blinkled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden()}}}
faden(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup()}}}
fillup(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor()}}}
recolor(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating()}}}
run_alternating(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled()}}}
runrunled().}\par
}
{\xe \v faden\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:faden}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void faden (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generate a fading color effect. No other function call is necessary. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function generates a fading color effect. At the beginning the whole stribe is filled with the chosen color. The color intensity of each color channel (blue, red, green) is decreased until the stribe is off. After that the color values are increased until the chosen color values are reached. The effect looks different depending on the chosen color because the color value proportion is not kept over the whole effect. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color that is used for the fading effect \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! The effect is standalone and ends is looped in the main while loop. The color value proportion is not kept over the whole effect. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 366}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v fillup\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:fillup}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void fillup (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i backcolor}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function fills up the stribe; No other function call is necessary. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function fills up the whole stribe and beginns again if it is finished. First one LED moves in the chosen color stepwise through the whole stribe and recolors all LEDs in the background color which have already been passed. At the end of the stribe the LED stays an the next single LED is going to move to the last-1 position. The next LED to the last-2 position. This is going on until the whole stribe is colored. Then the effect restarts (main while loop). {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : foreground color for the moving LED \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} backcolor : background color \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This is a standalone effect. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 549}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v init_alternating\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:init_alternating}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void init_alternating (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i backcolor}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
initialize the alternating function; call run_alternating afterwards }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function initializes the alternating effect. The effect assigns every even LED number in one color and the odd numbers in the background color. If the effect is running, the odd and even LED switch positions. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color for the alternate effect (Init even LEDs) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} backcolor : color for the alternate effect bakckground (Init odd LEDs) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Run run_alternating afterwards to start the effect! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 300}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v initrainbow\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:initrainbow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void initrainbow (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize a rainbow on the color array; to show the rainbow run transmit2leds afterwards. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function fills the color array with rainbow colors. For this effect the color array is filled with different colors that are calculated by increasing and decreasing the color channels to loop over a RGB palette. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Run transmit2leds afterwards! A nice effect is to rotate the array stepwise after the rainbow initialization (run transmit2leds after every rotation). The effect directly sets color values, so there may be a problem with the color profiles (RGB vs. GRB). The function was primary written for WS2812 LEDs (GRB)! The effect needs a minimum number of 20 LEDs to look nice! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 442}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v initrunled\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:initrunled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void initrunled (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i background})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
init the runled effect; run runrunled afterwards to start the effect }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function initializes the running LED effect. The running LED effect has a background color that is used for all LEDs except one. One LED is in the foreground color an moves stepwise along the stribe. The initialization prepares the lightdata array by setting one LED at the start position and filling the others with the background color. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : 24 Bit color for the effect \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} background : 24 Bit color for the effect background \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Run runrunled afterwards to start the effect! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 217}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v map\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:map}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
uint8_t map (uint8_t  {\i x}, uint8_t  {\i in_min}, uint8_t  {\i in_max}, uint8_t  {\i out_min}, uint8_t  {\i out_max})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Arduino map function; used for color conversion. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{x: value to map \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{in_min : minimum value input reference \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{in_max : maximum value input reference \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{out_min : minimum value output reference \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{out_max : maximum value output reference \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid uint8_t : mapped value referring to the input \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function is used for color conversion from 8 Bit to 24 Bit colors; How it works: in_min < x < in_max convert to out_min < returnvalue < out_max by positioning the x proportionally in the new number range \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 33}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24()}}}
colorconv8to24().}\par
}
{\xe \v recolor\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:recolor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void recolor (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Recolor the LED stribe; no other function call is necessary. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function generates a recolor effect. The old configuration of the LEDs is overwritten with the new color step by step. When the whole stribe is filled with the new color the effect ends. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color that is used for recoloring \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! The effect is standalone and ends if the stribe is recolored. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 340}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled()}}}
changeled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v resetstribe\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:resetstribe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void resetstribe (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set all LEDs off; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function sets the lightdata array to 0x00. To update the stribe run transmit2leds afterwards! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 118}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor()}}}
setfullcolor().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled()}}}
blinkled().}\par
}
{\xe \v rotate\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:rotate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void rotate (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i direction})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotate the lightdata for 1 LED Position; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{direction : direction to rotate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function rotates lightdata array. To update the stribe run transmit2leds afterwards! The rotation "moves every LED" by one step, the overflowing LED is appended at the other ending. Example: RED BLUE YELLOW GREEN ... rotate... BLUE YELLOW GREEN RED other direction: RED BLUE YELLOW GREEN ... rotate... GREEN RED BLUE YELLOW \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 138}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotateN()}}}
rotateN(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating()}}}
run_alternating(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled()}}}
runrunled().}\par
}
{\xe \v rotateN\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:rotateN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void rotateN (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i direction}, uint8_t  {\i width})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotate the lightdata for n LED Positions; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{direction : direction to rotate \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{width : width to rotate \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function rotates lightdata array. To update the stribe run transmit2leds afterwards! The rotation "moves every LED" by n steps, the overflowing LEDs are appended at the other ending. Example: RED BLUE YELLOW GREEN PINK ... rotate 2 ... YELLOW GREEN PINK RED BLUE other direction: RED BLUE YELLOW GREEN PINK ... rotate 2 ... GREEN PINK RED BLUE YELLOW \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 196}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate()}}}
rotate().}\par
}
{\xe \v run_alternating\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:run_alternating}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void run_alternating (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the alternating effect; call init_alternating before. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function runs the alternating effect. The effect assigns every even LED number in one color and the odd numbers in the background color. If the effect is running, the odd and even LED switch positions. This function rotates the LEDs by one position to achieve the effect. The rotation direction is not of importance. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! The effect is generated by the main while loop. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 323}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate()}}}
rotate(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v runrunled\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:runrunled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void runrunled (uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i direction})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Do the runled effect; before this function is called the lightdata needs to be initiliazed using initrunled! }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function runs the running LED effect. The running LED effect has a background color that is used for all LEDs except one. The one LED moves stepwise to the next position depending on the chosen direction. Direction 0/1 are right/left, direction 2 runs from left to right an back again. For direction 0/1 the running LED overflows and begins on the other ending. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{direction : movement direction, 0/1 = right/left, 2 = left->right and back \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No need to run transmit2leds afterwards! This is already done in the function. The function is interrupted if a new UART package is completely received so a new effect gets active. \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 236}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay()}}}
effectdelay(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
effectime, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
PacketComplete, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate()}}}
rotate(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds()}}}
transmit2leds().}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
{\xe \v setfullcolor\:LedEffects.h}
{\xe \v LedEffects.h\:setfullcolor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void setfullcolor (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set all LEDs to the chosen color; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : color to set \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : lightdata array that holds the color values for the stribe \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function sets the lightdata array. To update the stribe run transmit2leds afterwards! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 96}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled()}}}
blinkled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden()}}}
faden(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating()}}}
init_alternating(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled()}}}
initrunled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe()}}}
resetstribe().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LedEffects.h\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 /**************************************************************************/\par
    9 #include <stdint.h>\par
   10 \par
   11 #ifndef LEDEFFECTS_H_\par
   12 #define LEDEFFECTS_H_\par
   13 \par
   14 //EFFECTS\par
   16 #define SETFULLCOLOR 0  \par
   17 \par
   18 #define FILLUP 1\par
   19 \par
   20 #define BLINK 2 \par
   21 \par
   22 #define RUNLED 3    \par
   23 \par
   24 #define ALTERNATE 5 \par
   25 \par
   26 #define RECOLOR 7   \par
   27 \par
   28 #define FADE 8      \par
   29 \par
   30 #define INITRAINBOW 9   \par
   31 \par
   32 #define ROTATE_R 10     \par
   33 \par
   34 #define ROTATE_L 11 \par
   35 \par
   36 #define CUSTOM 12   \par
   37 \par
   38 #define EASTEREGG 13        \par
   39 \par
   40 uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 map}}}
(uint8_t x, uint8_t in_min, uint8_t in_max, uint8_t out_min, uint8_t out_max);       //Map function for color conversion; calcualates a value in a new number range\par
   41 struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
(uint8_t startcolor);                                           //Convert a 8 Bit color (RGB 3-3-2) to 24 Bit color (RGB 8-8-8); color assignment depends on the ledtype\par
   42 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
(uint16_t delay);                                                               //a simple variable delay function\par
   43 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata);                                 //set the whole stribe in one color, call transmit2leds afterwards\par
   44 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetstribe}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata);                                                           //set the whole stribe off, call transmit2leds afterwards\par
   45 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction);                                             //rotate the color array by one position\par
   46 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotateN}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction, uint8_t width);                             //rotate the color array by n positions\par
   47 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 background);     //initialize the runled effect, call runrunled afterwards\par
   48 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t direction);                                          //runs the runled effect, call initrunled before\par
   49 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata);                                     //generate a blinking effect\par
   50 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 backcolor, uint8_t *lightdata);//initialize the alternating effect, call run_alternating afterwards\par
   51 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata );                                                      //run the alternating effect, call init_alternating before\par
   52 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata);                                      //recolor the stribe step by step, stand alone function, ends after execution\par
   53 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata);                                        //color fading effect, stand alone effect\par
   54 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrainbow}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata);                                                           //init the stribe with rainbow colors, call transmit2leds afterwards\par
   55 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata);                                //part of the easteregg effect, do not call directly\par
   56 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg}}}
(uint8_t *lightdata);                                                             //easteregg effect, try out and have fun :-)\par
   57 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color,struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 backcolor, uint8_t *lightdata);           //fill the stribe step by step until the stribe has one color, the background color is filled behind\par
   58 \par
   59 #endif /* LEDEFFECTS_H_ */\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Lightstribe.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Lightstribe.c}
{\xe \v Lightstribe.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAES}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
basic functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs }}\par
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "globals.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "Lightstribe.h"}\par
{\f2 #include <util/delay.h>}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t lednr)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
change the color of one LED at a specific position; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setled}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t lednr)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
set the color of one LED at a specific position, all others are off; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
 (uint8_t lightdata[])\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transmit the color array to the stribe }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
basic functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This file contains the basic functions to control WS2811/WS2812 LEDs using an AVR. It declares the function to transmit lightdata to a stribe using the one wire protocol. For the right timing be aware of the crystal frequency! This code is written for using an extern clock of 16 MHz, if you change it you need to modify the number of NOPs in the macros defined in the header file. This file also contains the basic functions to set or to change one LED in the stribe. The whole system is working with a color array that stores the 24 Bit colors for all LEDs in an GRB format (WS2812). Every effect changes the array, after that the array is sent out by the transmit2leds function. This guarantees a correct timing. The most functions base on uint8_t variables so the maximum length of the stribe to control contains 255 LEDs. This should not be changed because you have hardware limitations as well that will limit a basic setup to 200-250 LEDs. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid V1.00 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Date:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 05.01.2016 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Authors:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Wank Florian \par
}}{
Definition in file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAET" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}}
.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v changeled\:Lightstribe.c}
{\xe \v Lightstribe.c\:changeled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void changeled (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i lednr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
change the color of one LED at a specific position; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : 24 bit color in GRB format \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : pointer to the complete lightdata that contains all color values \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{lednr : position of the LED that should be changed \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the right color format is created using the colorconv8to24-function with the ledtype predefined \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 33}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAET" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup()}}}
fillup(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating()}}}
init_alternating(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrainbow()}}}
initrainbow(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled()}}}
initrunled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor()}}}
recolor().}\par
}
{\xe \v setled\:Lightstribe.c}
{\xe \v Lightstribe.c\:setled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void setled (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i lednr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
set the color of one LED at a specific position, all others are off; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : 24 bit color in GRB format \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : pointer to the complete lightdata that contains all color values \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{lednr : position of the LED that should be set \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the right color format is created using the colorconv8to24-function with the ledtype predefined; all other LEDs are cleared so they are off \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 51}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAET" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
}
{\xe \v transmit2leds\:Lightstribe.c}
{\xe \v Lightstribe.c\:transmit2leds}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void transmit2leds (uint8_t  {\i lightdata}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transmit the color array to the stribe }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
To control the LEDs of type WS2811/WS2812 a critical timing is necessary. To achieve the correct timing and to create effects the lightdata is stored in an array first. All operations effect the color array. If the color array is prepared it is transmitted to the stribes via a one-wire protocol using this function. This function generates the high and low times using assembler NOPs to achieve the timing. The number of NOPs are stored in macros for transmitting a Low Bit (SETLOW) or a High Bit (SETHIGH). This function should not be changed or optimized because of the timing! {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{lightdata[] : data with the colors for each LED to control \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function should not be changed or optimized because of the timing! Do not use higher optimization than O1!!! Do not remove the \{\} brackets because SETLOW/SETHIGH are definitions with several commands! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 96}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAET" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled()}}}
blinkled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden()}}}
faden(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup()}}}
fillup(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor()}}}
recolor(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating()}}}
run_alternating(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled()}}}
runrunled().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Lightstribe.c\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 /**************************************************************************/\par
   22 #include "{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 globals.h}}}
"\par
   23 #include "{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}
"\par
   24 #include <util/delay.h>\par
   25 \par
   33 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t lednr)\par
   34 \{\par
   35     if (lednr>{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
)\par
   36         return;\par
   37     lightdata=lightdata+lednr*3;\par
   38     *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
;\par
   39     *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
;\par
   40     *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
;\par
   41 \}\par
   42 \par
   51 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setled}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t lednr)\par
   52 \{\par
   53     uint8_t ledcolor;\par
   54     uint16_t i;\par
   55     if (lednr>{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
)\par
   56         return;\par
   57     //Loop over the whole color array (-->NumOfLeds*3)\par
   58     for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
*3;i++)\par
   59     \{\par
   60         if (i==(lednr*3) || i==(lednr*3+1) || i==(lednr*3+2))\par
   61         \{   //position of the LED to set\par
   62             ledcolor = i%3;\par
   63             if (ledcolor==0)\par
   64                 *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
;\par
   65             else if(ledcolor==1)\par
   66                 *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
;\par
   67             else\par
   68                 *lightdata++=color.{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
;\par
   69         \}\par
   70         else\par
   71         \{   //all others off (0x00-->black)\par
   72             ledcolor = i%3;\par
   73             if (ledcolor==0)\par
   74                 *lightdata++=0x00;\par
   75             else if(ledcolor==1)\par
   76                 *lightdata++=0x00;\par
   77             else\par
   78                 *lightdata++=0x00;\par
   79         \}   \par
   80     \}   \par
   81 \}\par
   82 \par
   96 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(uint8_t lightdata[])\par
   97 \{\par
   98     uint16_t i ;\par
   99     uint8_t byte2send ;\par
  100     for(i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
*3;i++)\par
  101     \{\par
  102         byte2send = lightdata[i];   \par
  103         //Transmit each Bit of one Byte using the One Wire Protocoll\par
  104         if ((byte2send & 128)==0)\par
  105         \{\par
  106             SETLOW\par
  107         \}\par
  108         else\par
  109         \{\par
  110             SETHIGH\par
  111         \}\par
  112         if ((byte2send & 64)==0)\par
  113         \{\par
  114             SETLOW\par
  115         \}\par
  116         else\par
  117         \{\par
  118             SETHIGH\par
  119         \}\par
  120         if ((byte2send & 32)==0)\par
  121         \{\par
  122             SETLOW\par
  123         \}\par
  124         else\par
  125         \{\par
  126             SETHIGH\par
  127         \}\par
  128         if ((byte2send & 16)==0)\par
  129         \{\par
  130             SETLOW\par
  131         \}\par
  132         else\par
  133         \{\par
  134             SETHIGH\par
  135         \}\par
  136         if ((byte2send & 8)==0)\par
  137         \{\par
  138             SETLOW\par
  139         \}\par
  140         else\par
  141         \{\par
  142             SETHIGH\par
  143         \}\par
  144         if ((byte2send & 4)==0)\par
  145         \{\par
  146             SETLOW\par
  147         \}\par
  148         else\par
  149         \{\par
  150             SETHIGH\par
  151         \}\par
  152         if ((byte2send & 2)==0)\par
  153         \{\par
  154             SETLOW\par
  155         \}\par
  156         else\par
  157         \{\par
  158             SETHIGH\par
  159         \}\par
  160         if ((byte2send & 1)==0)\par
  161         \{\par
  162             SETLOW\par
  163         \}\par
  164         else\par
  165         \{\par
  166             SETHIGH\par
  167         \}   \par
  168     \}\par
  169     _delay_us(55);      //defined delay after the transmission is complete (Datasheet says >=50us)\par
  170 \}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Lightstribe.h File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Lightstribe.h}
{\xe \v Lightstribe.h}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
basic functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs }}\par
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include <stdint.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <avr/io.h>}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Data Structures\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
24 Bit color structure RGB 8-8-8 }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t lednr)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
change the color of one LED at a specific position; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setled}}}
 (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t lednr)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
set the color of one LED at a specific position, all others are off; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
 (uint8_t lightdata[])\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transmit the color array to the stribe }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
basic functions for controlling WS2811/WS2812 LEDs \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid V1.00 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Date:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 05.01.2016 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Authors:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Wank Florian \par
}}{
Definition in file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}
.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v changeled\:Lightstribe.h}
{\xe \v Lightstribe.h\:changeled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void changeled (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i lednr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
change the color of one LED at a specific position; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : 24 bit color in GRB format \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : pointer to the complete lightdata that contains all color values \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{lednr : position of the LED that should be changed \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the right color format is created using the colorconv8to24-function with the ledtype predefined \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 33}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAET" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup()}}}
fillup(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating()}}}
init_alternating(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrainbow()}}}
initrainbow(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled()}}}
initrunled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor()}}}
recolor().}\par
}
{\xe \v setled\:Lightstribe.h}
{\xe \v Lightstribe.h\:setled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void setled (struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
  {\i color}, uint8_t *  {\i lightdata}, uint8_t  {\i lednr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
set the color of one LED at a specific position, all others are off; run transmit2leds afterwards to update the LEDs }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i struct} \cell }{{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}} color : 24 bit color in GRB format \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{*lightdata : pointer to the complete lightdata that contains all color values \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{lednr : position of the LED that should be set \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the right color format is created using the colorconv8to24-function with the ledtype predefined; all other LEDs are cleared so they are off \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 51}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAET" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::blue}}}
color24bit::blue, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::green}}}
color24bit::green, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds, and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit::red}}}
color24bit::red.}\par
}
{\xe \v transmit2leds\:Lightstribe.h}
{\xe \v Lightstribe.h\:transmit2leds}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void transmit2leds (uint8_t  {\i lightdata}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transmit the color array to the stribe }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
To control the LEDs of type WS2811/WS2812 a critical timing is necessary. To achieve the correct timing and to create effects the lightdata is stored in an array first. All operations effect the color array. If the color array is prepared it is transmitted to the stribes via a one-wire protocol using this function. This function generates the high and low times using assembler NOPs to achieve the timing. The number of NOPs are stored in macros for transmitting a Low Bit (SETLOW) or a High Bit (SETHIGH). This function should not be changed or optimized because of the timing! {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i uint8_t} \cell }{lightdata[] : data with the colors for each LED to control \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function should not be changed or optimized because of the timing! Do not use higher optimization than O1!!! Do not remove the \{\} brackets because SETLOW/SETHIGH are definitions with several commands! \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 96}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAET" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
NumOfLeds.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled()}}}
blinkled(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 eastereggbase()}}}
eastereggbase(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden()}}}
faden(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup()}}}
fillup(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor()}}}
recolor(), {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating()}}}
run_alternating(), and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled()}}}
runrunled().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Lightstribe.h\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 /**************************************************************************/\par
    9 #include <stdint.h>\par
   10 #include <avr/io.h>\par
   11 \par
   12 #ifndef LIGHTSTRIBE_H_\par
   13 #define LIGHTSTRIBE_H_\par
   14 \par
   16 struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
\{\par
   18     uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 red}}}
;    \par
   20     uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 green}}}
;  \par
   22     uint8_t {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blue}}}
;                               \par
   23 \};\par
   24 \par
   25 #if F_CPU == 16000000\par
   26 #pragma message("Use 16 MHz Macros")\par
   27 \par
   28 #define SETHIGH PORTB=0x01;\\\par
   29                asm ("nop");\\\par
   30                asm ("nop");\\\par
   31                asm ("nop");\\\par
   32                asm ("nop");\\\par
   33                asm ("nop");\\\par
   34                asm ("nop");\\\par
   35                asm ("nop");\\\par
   36                asm ("nop");\\\par
   37                asm ("nop");\\\par
   38                asm ("nop");\\\par
   39                asm ("nop");\\\par
   40                PORTB=0x00;\\\par
   41                asm ("nop");\\\par
   42                asm ("nop");\\\par
   43                asm ("nop");\par
   44                \par
   45 #elif F_CPU == 8000000\par
   46 #pragma message("Use 8 MHz Macros")\par
   47 \par
   48 #define SETHIGH PORTB=0x01;\\\par
   49                asm ("nop");\\\par
   50                asm ("nop");\\\par
   51                asm ("nop");\\\par
   52                asm ("nop");\\\par
   53                asm ("nop");\\\par
   54                PORTB=0x00;\\\par
   55                asm ("nop");\\\par
   56                asm ("nop");\par
   57 #endif\par
   58 \par
   59 \par
   60 \par
   61 #if F_CPU == 16000000\par
   62 \par
   63 #define SETLOW PORTB=0x01;\\\par
   64               asm ("nop");\\\par
   65               asm ("nop");\\\par
   66               asm ("nop");\\\par
   67               asm ("nop");\\\par
   68               asm ("nop");\\\par
   69               PORTB=0x00;\\\par
   70               asm ("nop");\\\par
   71               asm ("nop");\\\par
   72               asm ("nop");\\\par
   73               asm ("nop");\\\par
   74               asm ("nop");\\\par
   75               asm ("nop");\\\par
   76               asm ("nop");\\\par
   77               asm ("nop");\\\par
   78               asm ("nop");\par
   79 #elif F_CPU == 8000000\par
   80 \par
   81 #define SETLOW PORTB=0x01;\\\par
   82                asm ("nop");\\\par
   83                asm ("nop");\\\par
   84                PORTB=0x00;\\\par
   85                asm ("nop");\\\par
   86                asm ("nop");\\\par
   87                asm ("nop");\par
   88 #endif\par
   89 \par
   90 \par
   91 //function to change one LED at a specific position; all other LEDs are not changed; run transmit2leds afterwards\par
   92 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t lednr);\par
   93 //function to set one LED at a specific position; all other LEDs are turned off; run transmit2leds afterwards\par
   94 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setled}}}
(struct {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 color24bit}}}
 color, uint8_t *lightdata, uint8_t lednr);\par
   95 //transmit the color array to the stribe --> one wire data transmission\par
   96 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(uint8_t lightdata[]);\par
   97 \par
   98 #endif /* LIGHTSTRIBE_H_ */\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ws2811lichterkette.c File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ws2811lichterkette.c}
{\xe \v ws2811lichterkette.c}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEW}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
main file for interfacing WS2811/WS2812 LEDs }}\par
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "globals.h"}\par
{\f2 #include <avr/io.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <util/delay.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <avr/interrupt.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <string.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "Lightstribe.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "LedEffects.h"}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b EXTERN}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}}
\~ 38400{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEY}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Baudrate definition, choose 76800 or 38400, faster value preferred, the maximum speed of ESP8266 software-UART is 38400. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MYUBRR}}}
\~ {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 F_CPU}}}
/16/{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}}
 -1{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
calculate baudrate register value }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b BAUD_REAL}\~ ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 F_CPU}}}
/(16*({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MYUBRR}}}
+1)))		/*real baudrate in this configuration*/{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b BAUD_ERROR}\~ ((BAUD_REAL*1000)/{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}}
)		/*calculate baudrate error*/{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PREAMBLE}}}
\~ 254{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
definition of the preamble is 254, no other data field must contain this value }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LENINDEX}}}
\~ 1{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
definition of the second field; contains the total packet length (including the preamble) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EFFECTINDEX}}}
\~ 2{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
definition of 1 Byte effect at third position, the MSBit is used to choose WS2811/WS2812 (color profile RGB or GRB) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DELAYINDEX}}}
\~ 3{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
definition of the delay field, contains the delay duplicator }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NUMOFLEDINDEX}}}
\~ 4{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
field position for the number of LEDs to control }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_uart}}}
 (void)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Init the hardware UART with Baud = 76800/38400, depending on {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}} definition, 8 Databits, 1 Stopbit, no Parity. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main}}}
 (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
main function, should never end, effects are handled in main while }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ISR}}}
 (USART_RX_vect){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
UART Interrupt handler, interrupts when new data is available in the RX buffer. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
main file for interfacing WS2811/WS2812 LEDs \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This file contains the main environment for interfacing WS2811/WS2812 LEDs with an AVR. The implementation has been done for an atmega328p. You may use another controller but be aware of the memory you need for the color array (dynamically allocated). The AVR interfaces the one wire of the LEDs. All operations (effects, colorchange etc.) are done on an lightdata array, that needs to be transmitted to the LEDs after your operations. The reason for this is the critical timing for interfacing the LEDs. So also be aware if you change the clock speed. If you do so you have to change the number of NOPs in the macros of {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}. Because of the critical timing compile all files at optimization O1! Furthermore be aware of the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUDRATE }}} changes, the BAUD error may be to worse if you change the CPU frequency. \par
 The one wire output is on the PIN B0! You can change in the main and {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}. \par
 By default this file just initializes the AVR system, no updates to the LEDs are done by default. To change the LED configuration you need to access the AVR UART Interface with another controller (FTDI is also possible). Over the UART you send a message containing all relevant information for the system. Therefore a simple protocol is used: 1 Byte preamble (254) 1 Byte total packet length (including the preamble) 1 Byte effect 1 Byte effect delay (effect speed) 1 Byte number of LEDs to control n Bytes containing 8-Bit color values (RGB 3-3-2), depended on the effect, max. 50 values The preamble 254 must never be used at another position!!!\par
 Protocol examples:\par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SETFULLCOLOR}}}: 254 6 0 1 20 22 \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FILLUP}}}: 254 7 1 22 20 22 201 \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BLINK}}}: 254 6 2 55 20 56 \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RUNLED}}}: 254 7 3 55 20 56 151 \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 INITRAINBOW}}}: 254 5 9 0 20 \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ROTATE_R}}}: 254 5 11 23 20 \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CUSTOM}}}: 254 8 12 1 20 22 201 60 \par
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EASTEREGG}}}: 254 5 13 2 20 \par
The UART communication is done by using an RX interrupt an storing the data into a temp array. In the main loop a flag shows if a data packet is complete. So you will get no update on the LEDs if the UART package was wrong (too short). In the project this programm has been written the UART was controlled by an ESP8266 or BLE113. Have Fun! \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid V1.00 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Date:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 05.01.2016 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Authors:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Wank Florian \par
}}{
Definition in file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ws2811lichterkette.c}}}
.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init_uart\:ws2811lichterkette.c}
{\xe \v ws2811lichterkette.c\:init_uart}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void init_uart (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Init the hardware UART with Baud = 76800/38400, depending on {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}} definition, 8 Databits, 1 Stopbit, no Parity. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid void \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid This function depends on the oscillator clock frequency and the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BAUD}}} defintion. If your UART is not working first check all frequency issues (Fuse settings, clock speed, clock divider, Baudrate) \par
}}{
Definition at line {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 432}}}
 of file {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ws2811lichterkette.c}}}
.}\par
{
References {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MYUBRR}}}
MYUBRR.}\par
{
Referenced by {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main()}}}
main().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ws2811lichterkette.c\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 \par
  329 /**************************************************************************/\par
  374 //define global variables\par
  375 #define EXTERN\par
  376 #include "{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 globals.h}}}
"\par
  377 \par
  378 #include <avr/io.h>\par
  379 #include <util/delay.h>\par
  380 #include <avr/interrupt.h>\par
  381 #include <stdio.h>      \par
  382 #include <stdlib.h>    \par
  383 #include <string.h>\par
  384 \par
  385 #include "{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Lightstribe.h}}}
"\par
  386 #include "{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LedEffects.h}}}
"\par
  387 \par
  388 //UART basic definitions\par
  390 #define BAUD 38400  \par
  391 \par
  392 #define MYUBRR F_CPU/16/BAUD -1\par
  393 \par
  394 #define BAUD_REAL (F_CPU/(16*(MYUBRR+1)))       /*real baudrate in this configuration*/\par
  395 #define BAUD_ERROR ((BAUD_REAL*1000)/BAUD)      /*calculate baudrate error*/    \par
  396 #if ((BAUD_ERROR<990) || (BAUD_ERROR>1010))\par
  397     #error baudrate error greater 1% !          /*show an error message if the baudrate error is greater than 1%*/\par
  398 #endif\par
  399 \par
  400 //Protocol definition for UART communication\par
  401 //The protocol is defined as:\par
  402 //1 Byte preamble (254)\par
  403 //1 Byte total packet length (including the preamble)\par
  404 //1 Byte effect\par
  405 //1 Byte effect delay (effect speed)\par
  406 //1 Byte number of LEDs to control\par
  407 //n Bytes containing 8-Bit color values (RGB 3-3-2), depended on the effect, max. 50 values\par
  408 \par
  410 #define PREAMBLE 254        \par
  411 \par
  412 #define LENINDEX 1          \par
  413 \par
  414 #define EFFECTINDEX 2       \par
  415 \par
  416 #define DELAYINDEX 3        \par
  417 \par
  418 #define NUMOFLEDINDEX 4     \par
  419 \par
  420 \par
  421 //compiling info output\par
  422 #pragma message("MYUBRR: " _STR(MYUBRR))\par
  423 #pragma message("CPU Frequency: " _STR(F_CPU) "Hz")\par
  424 #pragma message("Baudrate: " _STR(BAUD))\par
  425 #pragma message("Configuration: MAXNUMCOLORS=" _STR(MAXNUMCOLORS)  " | UART_BUFFER_SIZE=" _STR(UART_BUFFER_SIZE) " | PREAMBLE=" _STR(PREAMBLE))\par
  426 \par
  432 void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_uart}}}
(void)\par
  433 \{\par
  434     DDRD |= _BV(PD1);\par
  435     DDRD &= ~_BV(PD0);\par
  436     \par
  437      //Set BAUD\par
  438      UBRR0H = (({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MYUBRR}}}
) >> 8);\par
  439      UBRR0L = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MYUBRR}}}
;\par
  440      \par
  441      UCSR0B |= (1 << RXEN0) ;//| (1 << TXEN0);      // Enable receiver (and transmitter; commited out)\par
  442      UCSR0B |= (1 << RXCIE0);                       // Enable the receiver interrupt\par
  443      UCSR0C |= (1 << UCSZ01) | (1 << UCSZ00);       // 8 data Bit, one stop Bit\par
  444 \}\par
  445 \par
  447 int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main}}}
(void)\par
  448 \{\par
  449     uint16_t i,j;                           //helper variables (counters)\par
  450     uint8_t TempBuffer[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UART_BUFFER_SIZE}}}
];   //Temp. buffer for copy of the UART data to achieve data consistency    \par
  451     uint8_t *lightdata;                     //lightdata pointer for lightdata array; the array size is dynamic to controll different numbers of LEDs\par
  452     \par
  453     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
=50;                           //default number of LEDs is 50 => one stribe\par
  454     //Flag initializations\par
  455     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
=0;                           \par
  456     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 IsReading}}}
=0;\par
  457     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PaketStart}}}
=0;   \par
  458     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BufferCounter}}}
 = 0;\par
  459 \par
  460     memset({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
,0,sizeof({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
[0])*{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UART_BUFFER_SIZE}}}
);  //clear the buffer  \par
  461     memset(TempBuffer,0,sizeof({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
[0])*UART_BUFFER_SIZE); //clear the buffer\par
  462     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ledtype}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BASELEDTYPE}}}
;                  //set default ledtype, 11 =>WS2811, 12 =>WS2812\par
  463     \par
  464     //Set the LED output Port (Pin B0 is used for LED data output)\par
  465     DDRB = 0x01;                        \par
  466     PORTB = 0x00;\par
  467 \par
  468     //Basic initializations\par
  469     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ReceivedChar}}}
 = 1;\par
  470     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
 = 10;\par
  471     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
=255;\par
  472     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BufferCounter}}}
=0;\par
  473     \par
  474     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_uart}}}
();                            //Init the hardware UART\par
  475     sei();                                  //enable global interrupts\par
  476 \par
  477     //main system loop\par
  478     while(1)\{\par
  479         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
==1)  //new UART package containing color and effect data is available\par
  480         \{\par
  481             //Prohibit the access to the UART RecBuffer while copying the data to a Temp Buffer\par
  482             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 IsReading}}}
=1;        \par
  483             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PaketStart}}}
=0;\par
  484             memcpy(TempBuffer,{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
,{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DataLen}}}
);   //Copy the UART data to a temp array    \par
  485             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
=TempBuffer[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EFFECTINDEX}}}
] & 0x7F;  //get the effect from the temp array\par
  486             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
=TempBuffer[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DELAYINDEX}}}
];       //get the delay time for the effect form the temp array\par
  487             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ledtype}}}
={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BASELEDTYPE}}}
+((TempBuffer[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EFFECTINDEX}}}
] & 0x80)>>7);//configure the ledtype depending on the MSBit of the effect\par
  488             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
=TempBuffer[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NUMOFLEDINDEX}}}
];    //get the number of leds to control\par
  489             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 IsReading}}}
=0;                            //allow access to the UART RecBuffer\par
  490             memcpy({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
,&TempBuffer[5],{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DataLen}}}
-5);    //generate compressed color array\par
  491             if (lightdata!=NULL)\par
  492             \{\par
  493                 free(lightdata);\par
  494             \}\par
  495             lightdata = (uint8_t *) malloc ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
*3);       //allocate the lightdata array for uncompressed colors\par
  496             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
=0;                       //reset PacketComplete flag\par
  497         \}\par
  498         else\par
  499         \{\par
  500             //main switch for effect handling\par
  501             switch({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
)\par
  502             \{\par
  503                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SETFULLCOLOR}}}
:\par
  504                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setfullcolor}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[0]),lightdata);\par
  505                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  506                     break;\par
  507                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FILLUP}}}
:\par
  508                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fillup}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[0]),{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[1]),lightdata);\par
  509                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  510                     break;\par
  511                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BLINK}}}
:\par
  512                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 blinkled}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[0]),lightdata);\par
  513                     break;\par
  514                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RUNLED}}}
:\par
  515                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrunled}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[0]),lightdata,{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[1]));\par
  516                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
++;\par
  517                 case 4:\par
  518                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runrunled}}}
(lightdata,1);\par
  519                     break;\par
  520                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ALTERNATE}}}
:\par
  521                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init_alternating}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[0]),{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[1]),lightdata);\par
  522                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
++;\par
  523                 case 6:\par
  524                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run_alternating}}}
(lightdata);\par
  525                     break;\par
  526                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RECOLOR}}}
:\par
  527                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 recolor}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[0]),lightdata);\par
  528                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
=255;\par
  529                     break;\par
  530                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FADE}}}
:\par
  531                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 faden}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[0]),lightdata);\par
  532                     break;\par
  533                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 INITRAINBOW}}}
:\par
  534                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initrainbow}}}
(lightdata);\par
  535                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  536                     break;\par
  537                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ROTATE_R}}}
:\par
  538                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(lightdata,0);\par
  539                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  540                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  541                     break;\par
  542                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ROTATE_L}}}
:\par
  543                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotate}}}
(lightdata,1);\par
  544                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectdelay}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effectime}}}
);\par
  545                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  546                     break;\par
  547                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CUSTOM}}}
:\par
  548                 //The custom effect assigns up to MAXNUMCOLORS individual colors to the stribe\par
  549                 //if the number of colors is smaller than the number of LEDs the colors are repeated using\par
  550                 //modulo operation\par
  551                     for (i=0;i<{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 NumOfLeds}}}
;i++)\par
  552                     \{\par
  553                         j = i % ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DataLen}}}
-5);\par
  554                         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 changeled}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colorconv8to24}}}
({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CompColorArray}}}
[j]),lightdata,i);\par
  555                     \}\par
  556                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 transmit2leds}}}
(lightdata);\par
  557                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 effect}}}
=255;\par
  558                     break;\par
  559                 case {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 EASTEREGG}}}
:\par
  560                     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 easteregg}}}
(lightdata);\par
  561                     break;\par
  562                 default:    //do nothing\par
  563                     break;\par
  564             \}\par
  565         \}\par
  566         \par
  567         \par
  568     \}\par
  569       \par
  570 \}\par
  571 \par
  572 \par
  574 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ISR}}}
 (USART_RX_vect)\par
  575 \{\par
  576     {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ReceivedChar}}}
 = UDR0;                            //Read data from the RX buffer     \par
  577     if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ReceivedChar}}}
=={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PREAMBLE}}}
 && {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 IsReading}}}
==0)     //Store data in the RecBuffer array only if it is not accessed by the main function\par
  578     \{\par
  579         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
=0;\par
  580         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PaketStart}}}
=1;                               //Set packet start flag (-->254=PREAMBLE has been received)\par
  581         memset({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
,0,sizeof({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
[0])*{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UART_BUFFER_SIZE}}}
);//clear the buffer    \par
  582         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BufferCounter}}}
=0;\par
  583         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
[0]={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ReceivedChar}}}
;                  //Store the preamble\par
  584     \}\par
  585     else if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PaketStart}}}
==1)\par
  586     \{\par
  587         //Store all Bytes after the preamble\par
  588         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BufferCounter}}}
++;    \par
  589         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BufferCounter}}}
]={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ReceivedChar}}}
;\par
  590         {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DataLen}}}
={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 RecBuffer}}}
[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LENINDEX}}}
];                //Store data len of the data packet (preamble included)\par
  591         if ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DataLen}}}
=={\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 BufferCounter}}}
+1)\par
  592         \{\par
  593             {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PacketComplete}}}
=1;                       //a whole packet has been received, update the effect in main\par
  594         \}        \par
  595     \}    \par
  596 \}\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Index\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v Index}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}